README.md, before:

# Homework

In general, your homework assignment will require you to clone this repo, and answer the questions in the `.ipynb` file.

## Submission Instructions

Once you are done with his homework, **you will need to submit your repository for grading on Gradescope**.

**NOTE: If you make any changes to your GitHub repository after submitting on Gradescope, you MUST re-submit on Gradescope to make sure we grade the latest version of your repository. You may submit on Gradescope as many times as you like before the due date.**

We have [recorded a video with some instructions](https://vimeo.com/1006094160) on how to submit your homework on Gradescope:

Those same instructions are summarized here in text:

1. On the GitHub repository, click "Use this Template" the GitHub Classroom assignment for this lab (likely already done)

![](img/template.png)

1. Clone the repository locally.

1. Commit and push your change to GitHub.

1. Log in to the Canvas course, and click Gradescope in the left sidebar.

1. You will be enrolled in the course and receive a confirmation email. Gradescope will also open in a new window/tab with your course dashboard and all active assignments.

1. If this is your first time using Gradescope, you will need to set a password:

    > In the confirmation email you received from Gradescope, click the set your password link.
    > Enter the same password in the password and password confirmation fields, and click Set Password.

1. You can now access Gradescope through your Canvas course.

1. When in Gradescope, click the course and you will see a list of assignments. Select the assignment you want to submit.

1. Before you can start submitting work, you may see a dialog box telling you that your assignment will be timed. Read the information carefully, and click Start Assignment only when you’re ready for the countdown to begin.

1. The first time you do this, you will need to sync your GitHub account with Gradescope, and GRANT permission to our GitHub organization.

1. Once you log in and link your GitHub account, you should find the repository and submit it to Gradescope.

1. Gradescope will email you a confirmation of your submitted work, with a link to the submission.

Note: If you make any future commits to this repository, you will need to re-submit on Gradescope.
You may resubmit as many times as you like before the due date, but after the due date, you will not be able to submit your repo (even if there are more recent commits)!

You are all done with this homework!

Congratulations!

Commit message:

remove reference to GitHub classroom

README.md, after:

# Homework

In general, your homework assignment will require you to clone this repo, and answer the questions in the `.ipynb` file.

## Submission Instructions

Once you are done with his homework, **you will need to submit your repository for grading on Gradescope**.

**NOTE: If you make any changes to your GitHub repository after submitting on Gradescope, you MUST re-submit on Gradescope to make sure we grade the latest version of your repository. You may submit on Gradescope as many times as you like before the due date.**

We have [recorded a video with some instructions](https://vimeo.com/1006094160) on how to submit your homework on Gradescope:

Those same instructions are summarized here in text:

1. On the GitHub repository, click "Use this Template" to create a repository under your account for this homework assignment

![](img/template.png)

1. Clone the repository locally.

1. Commit and push your change to GitHub.

1. Log in to the Canvas course, and click Gradescope in the left sidebar.

1. You will be enrolled in the course and receive a confirmation email. Gradescope will also open in a new window/tab with your course dashboard and all active assignments.

1. If this is your first time using Gradescope, you will need to set a password:

    > In the confirmation email you received from Gradescope, click the set your password link.
    > Enter the same password in the password and password confirmation fields, and click Set Password.

1. You can now access Gradescope through your Canvas course.

1. When in Gradescope, click the course and you will see a list of assignments. Select the assignment you want to submit.

1. Before you can start submitting work, you may see a dialog box telling you that your assignment will be timed. Read the information carefully, and click Start Assignment only when you’re ready for the countdown to begin.

1. The first time you do this, you will need to sync your GitHub account with Gradescope, and GRANT permission to our GitHub organization.

1. Once you log in and link your GitHub account, you should find the repository and submit it to Gradescope.

1. Gradescope will email you a confirmation of your submitted work, with a link to the submission.

Note: If you make any future commits to this repository, you will need to re-submit on Gradescope.
You may resubmit as many times as you like before the due date, but after the due date, you will not be able to submit your repo (even if there are more recent commits)!

You are all done with this homework!

Congratulations!
